Update adapter creation guide (#5421)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/guides/adapter-creation.md

### Adapter Architecture

> Below is a diagram of how the adapter architecture works.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is a flow diagram illustrating how a `dbt run` command works with the `dbt-postgres` adapter. It shows the relationship between `dbt-core`, `dbt-adapters`, and individual adapters.
```

> Below is a flow diagram illustrating how a `dbt run` command works with the `dbt-postgres` adapter. It shows the relationship between `dbt-core`, `dbt-adapters`, and individual adapters.

Reviewer 2: for accessibility
```suggestion
The following flow diagram illustrates how a `dbt run` command works with the `dbt-postgres` adapter. It shows the relationship between `dbt-core`, `dbt-adapters`, and individual adapters.
```

#### Keeping the code compatible with dbt Core

> An adapter is compatible with dbt Core if it has correctly implemented the interface defined in `dbt-adapters` and the tests defined in `dbt-tests-adapters`. Prior to dbt Core version 1.8, this interface was contained in `dbt-core`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An adapter is compatible with dbt Core if it has correctly implemented the interface defined in [dbt-adapters](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-adapters/) and is tested by [dbt-tests-adapters](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-adapters/tree/main/dbt-tests-adapter). Prior to dbt Core version 1.8, this interface was contained in `dbt-core`. 
```

New minor version releases of `dbt-adapters` may include changes to the Python interface for adapter plugins, as well as new or updated test cases. The maintainers of `dbt-adapters` will clearly communicate these changes in documentation and release notes, and they will aim for backwards compatibility whenever possible.

Patch releases of `dbt-adapters` will _not_ include breaking changes or new features to adapter-facing code.

#### Versioning and releasing your adapter

> dbt Labs strongly recommends you to adopt the following approach when versioning and releasing your plugin. Prior to dbt Core version 1.8, we recommended that the minor version of your plugin should match the minor version in `dbt-core` (e.g. 1.1.x). 

Reviewer: > Prior to dbt Core version 1.8, 

Can we make this a callout and move to the bottom of the section?

> - Declare major version compatibility with `dbt-adapters` and only set a boundary on the minor version if there is some known reason.

Reviewer: Can we add a bullet:
* Do not import/rely on code from `dbt-core`

Patch releases of `dbt-adapters` will _not_ include breaking changes or new features to adapter-facing code.

#### Versioning and releasing your adapter

dbt Labs strongly recommends you to adopt the following approach when versioning and releasing your plugin. 

- Declare major version compatibility with `dbt-adapters` and only set a boundary on the minor version if there is some known reason.
- Do not import or rely on code from `dbt-core`. 
- Aim to release a new minor version of your plugin as you add substantial new features. Typically, this will be triggered by adding support for new features released in `dbt-adapters` or by changes to the data platform itself.
- While your plugin is new and you're iterating on features, aim to offer backwards compatibility and deprecation notices for at least one minor version. As your plugin matures, aim to leave backwards compatibility and deprecation notices in place until the next major version (dbt Core v2).
- Release patch versions of your plugins whenever needed. These patch releases should only contain fixes.

:::note

> Prior to dbt Core version 1.8, we recommended that the minor version of your plugin should match the minor version in `dbt-core` (e.g. 1.1.x).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Prior to dbt Core version 1.8, we recommended that the minor version of your plugin should match the minor version in `dbt-core` (for example, 1.1.x).
```

- Contributor recognition (if applicable)
    <Lightbox src="/img/adapter-guide/6-thank-contribs.png" title="thank yous"/>

## Build a trusted adapter

The Trusted Adapter Program exists to allow adapter maintainers to demonstrate to the dbt community that your adapter is trusted to be used in production.

> The very first data platform dbt supported was Redshift followed quickly by Postgres (([dbt-core#174](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/pull/174)). In 2017, back when dbt Labs (née Fishtown Analytics) was still a data consultancy, we added support for Snowflake and BigQuery. We also turned dbt's database support into an adapter framework ([dbt-core#259](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/pull/259/)), and a plugin system a few years later. For years, dbt Labs specialized in those four data platforms and became experts in them. However, the surface area of all possible databases, their respective nuances, and keeping them up-to-date and bug-free is a Herculean and/or Sisyphean task that couldn't be done by a single person or even a single team! Enter the dbt community which enables dbt Core to work on more than 30 different databases (32 as of Sep '22)!

Author: @dataders : if you could review the "trusted adapter" parts for accuracy, that would be great! 

changes per my chat with amy:
- moved the intro/historical content in "Verify a new adapter" to "Build a trusted adapter"
- deleted "Verify a new adapter"
- deleted other "verify | verified" subsections
- removed/replaced all references to "verified" in guide
